1.Write a query which displays the module code and the duration for modules whose duration is less than 6.


2.Write a query which will display the BATCHCODE, TRAINERID, COURSECODE, STARTDATE, CAPACITY 
and BATCHSTRENGTH of the batches handled by the trainer KRISHNAN.



3.Write a query which displays all the module names of the course code 100.


4.Write a query which displays the module names and course code for the course code 100.



5."Write a query which will display the number of modules present in the course code 100. 
<br/>
Hint: display module name count with alias""NumberofModules"""


6."Write a query which will display all the course code and the number of modules present 
in that particular course.
Hint: display module name count with alias""NumberofModules"""




7.Write a query which will display the course title and fees which has the maximum fees.



8.Write a query which will display the student id, student name, batch code, place and 
phone number of the students who belongs to Batch '3001'.



9.Write a Query which will display the student ID, Student name, Batch code, place and phone number who are from CHENNAI.




10.Write a query which displays the total number of modules which has less than 6 days duration. 
<BR>Hint: display total number of modules with'LESSTHANSIXDAYS' as alias.



11.Write a query to display the batch code, course title, start date of the batches for the month of May and year 2012.



12.Write a query to display courses code, course title, course fees of the courses for which 
no batches/training has been planned in the month of January and year 2012.




13.Write a query which displays the names of all the modules of the course titled 'Oracle DBA'



14.Write a Query which displays the student ID, Student name, Batch code, place and phone number 
of the student's who took training from CHENNAI in the year 2012.


15.Write a query which will display the student id, student names who are enrolled for the course code 200?

